Remove the notational stuff from the Concepts section (#217)
oauth-wg/oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt: draft-ietf-oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt.md

# Concepts

This section describes SD-JWTs and Disclosures at a
conceptual level, abstracting from the data formats described in (#data_formats).

## SD-JWT and Disclosures

> An SD-JWT, at its core, is a digitally signed document containing digests of the selectively discloseable claims (per claim: a random salt, the claim name and the claim value) with the clear-text claims as Disclosures outside the document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An SD-JWT, at its core, is a digitally signed JSON document containing digests over the selectively disclosable claims with the Disclosures outside the document.
```

Reviewer: - I don't understand what `the clear-text claims as Disclosures` means
- `(per claim: a random salt, the claim name and the claim value)` was also confusing to me.

An SD-JWT may also contain clear-text claims that are always disclosed to the Verifier.

Each digest value ensures the integrity of, and maps to, the respective Disclosure.  Digest values are calculated using a hash function over the Disclosures, each of which contains the claim name, the claim value, and a random salt. The Disclosures are sent to the Holder together with the SD-JWT in the Combined Format for Issuance.

## Creating Holder-Selected Disclosures

To disclose to a Verifier a subset of the SD-JWT claim values, a Holder selects a subset of the Disclosures and sends them to the Verifier along with the SD-JWT in the Combined Format for Presentation.

## Optional Holder Binding

> Cryptographic Holder Binding is an optional feature, but when required by thee use-case, the SD-JWT must contain information about key material controlled by the Holder.

Author: ```suggestion
Cryptographic Holder Binding is an optional feature, but when required by the use-case, the SD-JWT must contain information about key material controlled by the Holder.
```

> Cryptographic Holder Binding is an optional feature, but when required by the use-case, the SD-JWT must contain information about key material controlled by the Holder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Holder Binding is an optional feature, but when required by the use-case, the SD-JWT must contain information about key material controlled by the Holder.
```
I think it can be biometric Holder Binding too
